---
title: 2024
description: ramblings about 2024
lede: "Ramblings about 2024"
date: "2025-01-14"
tags:
  - update
  - personal
---

Oh man, what a year! I always read these types of posts when I come across my RSS feeds. A great way to check in with yourself and see how far you have come or not!

But this writing unlocks a real opportunity to reflect on life and whether or not we’re living in alignment with our values and enthusiasms.

[Brad Frost](https://bradfrost.com/blog/link/2025-another-year-of-blog-on-the-desktop-again-live-laugh-blog/) covers why I think this is a great type of writing and why I am writing my own post.

2024 was a transitional year, but one that, as I look back, I see how much I grew this year. Growing my hobbies away from the computer and trying to rebuild some old and good habits like reading, journaling, and, you know, eating well. I had ups and downs on all of these, but I really enjoyed that path of discovering what did and did not work with these. Well, the eating well, I know about that I just…like chips…

Journaling is something I will probably touch on more in the future. My system is pretty simple and not elaborate as others. I try to keep it easy since I don’t want to waste too much time on something I think shouldn’t…blah blah…

Back to 2024…

I set some lofty goals for myself in 2024, and I think I got some, but I also didn’t, and that’s okay! I reset some goals and ambitions, and I feel like I am on a more fulfilling path heading into 2025. Kind of wild that a little reset and realignment can put you on a better path. My goals seem much more in line with what I want in life.

Anyway, 2024 was a year of realignment, and 2025 I seek out to build on that realignment. I am ready to put in the work.